Hi,

I am attaching code with this mail. There are two folders in the ZIP file

1) CROC Matlab Code: a single file containing Matlab code which implements
the cutting plane algorithm for the pAUC metric. Try modifying this to
suit CROC with concave amplification functions first. This will be simpler
but the code will be slow.

2) CROC C Code: a folder that contains C code for the cutting plane
algorithm. This will be much faster. However, modify this later.

doCuttingPlaneExperiment.m is the wrapper function which starts all the
processing. It calls cross validation code (doCVForC.m) and the final
wrapper (CuttingPlane.m).

CuttingPlane.m calls the actual C code that does the learning. That is
present in the folder cutting-plane-min-tpr-tnr.

You will have to make changes to only one file in that folder
svm_struct_api.c. The code implements MVC routines for a lot of
performance measures including classification measures like min(tpr,tnr)
(called fone in the code) and ranking measures like average precision
(called avgprec in the code). Notice that these are all reward functions
to be maximized and not loss functions that are minimized.

You will have to modify the body of three functions in the file.

1) find_most_violated_constraint_avgprec
2) avgprec
3) avgprec_compressed

The first function computes the MVC for the ranking metric avgprec The
last two just compute the reward value avgprec when the input is presented
in two different forms. Do not change the name of these
functions since these names are used at many different places. If you
change the names of these functions, you will have to change them in many
other functions as well.

When you have modified the code and want to run it, you will have to
compile the code (a Makefile is present) and invoke the struct SVM code
with AVGPREC as the performance measure (if you do not change the name).
Right now it is designed to optimize FONE (i.e. min(TPR,TNR)). The
identifier for AVGPREC is 11. Right now the identifier used is 1, which is
the identifier for FONE (see CuttingPlane.m line 44)

You will have to change the wrapper functions CuttingPlane.m and
doCuttingPlaneExperiment.m appropriately to call the C code to optimize
AVGPREC instead (which is actually CROC).

Please let me know if you have any doubts.

Regards
puru